dmitry rothan's death he shook everyone
who knew him 20-year-old boy sailor
a fan of a healthy lifestyle found
dead in the kitchen with a syringe in hand
he was last seen at the fitness club
in training he practiced hard from
nature was skinny on trying to ramp up
muscles familiar told me that he was missing
online drugs
presumably steroids recently became
prick insulin doctors suggest that from
last injection Dmitri fell into a coma
he was one of millions of Russians for
which healthy lifestyle is
medications
this shop is biologically active
supplements they are not considered medication after
how in Russia banned the most
armor piercing pumping steroids
left either to get them illegally
either go on supplements whether it's
fitness whether swimming athletics
game sports are also wrestling ie
without quality sports supplements
no way it will be possible to exist at all
athletes as amateur professionals
the more Natalia Batova master of sports
bodybuilding agrees that in
modern sport without pumping
drugs do nothing but in the dosage
even professionals are wrong
Sorry I'm one of those who sincerely
I decided to do everything on my own
preparing for the competition feeling very
tired decided dose wink
increased twice or as a result I
just could not do anything creepy
heartbeat
immediately the pressure jumped to me though
athletes already with the experience that is instead
of the effect to cheer up I got
Sasha's prefect the line between additives and
medication is not so obvious 31-year-old
Galina Reznikova from the same city of Azov
where the young bodybuilder died took
for weight loss
Reduxin additive is called Reduxin
light but in the pharmacy for some reason she was sold
Related drugs by name
year and a half a woman died from
toxic hepatitis can in europe
learned to distinguish
dangerous remedy for safe where there
in the uk just banned those
The most steroids that in the US and Russia
long banned
Anton Volsky will tell about 14 years in prison
now available in the UK
for the distribution of anabolic steroids and
steroid relevant law was
adopted last year a list of 80
drugs hit first of all so
called anabolic steroids this
drugs for rapid increase
muscle under the new law, these
drugs are now equated to drugs
3 of the weakest category heroin and cocaine
in 1 marijuana in the second sports
drugs in the last
for example tranquilizers but the punishment for
their storage of use is essential
spread the most that neither is
serious from 2 to 14 years
plus not limited monetary penalty in
present moment steroids can
purchase in Brittany by prescription only
doctor nevertheless acts sites
mail order medications due
boundaries but it's at risk
buyer since besides what it is
illegal it is also life threatening
since the ban as experts say
provoked a surge in production
clandestine laboratories which
prey on addictions of athletes and
just people who sat down on these
miracle preparations
force the red pill and you Schwarzenegger
ate blue and you're a fashion model
a completely different life make a movie
I take part in the show even though the governor
california become many of the time
chose a drug and even pumped up
cooler than schwarzenegger
it didn’t bring them much success
someone became a fitness trainer someone
started trading in steroids but legend
the world lives firmly hooked on pills
Vladimir Turchinsky was iconic figures
it seemed that someone has good health
any training is stimulation rubai
any stimulation requires additional
that's all you need to fear
these amino acid protein vitamins
slumped and forward in 46 years old athlete
began to complain of heart then heart attack
death but sports fans
confidence that they will be able to keep
the norm is despite the fact that men and women
norm of drugs at different in general
unknown together such a correct scheme
use of food additives to not
cause no damage to health
I can not say that they are harmful
also how can i not also what are they
absolutely lost
Supplements that sell in Russia
do mostly abroad
many in the us just last year
the authorities of this country have forbidden to sell
12 kinds of additives it turned out that they
contain medicines harmful substances
cause liver problems falling out
hair and nails
but the industry lives sales billion
dollars a year actually america and
opened the way to fitness through pills
reminds Julia 8th the river became the first
a country in the world where bodybuilding culture
not only athletes began to worship
but also the usual population of the fifties
Ministry of Health approved
eighties steroid use
men and teenagers attending gyms
and wishing to build muscle have become active
consume these drugs in those times
scientific studies have proven that
steroids are harmless strong influence on
the human body generally does not have and
only later studies
showed that steroids actually
not at all safe and in the 90th United States Congress
enacted application control law
anabolic steroids now these drugs in
America is completely prohibited to buy them
can only be from under the floor on black
markets or the internet itself
fishboat ides are still popular
despite the prohibitions older people
They go to the doctor for a prescription and
youth which such recipes no one
will write out steroids among friends and
familiar alternative to steroids here
such protein shakes as
powder or tablets they are sold in
sports stores
these drugs as well as special
nutritional supplements also increase well
muscle mass and research now
claim that they are absolutely
safe for health
more than half of americans are sitting on
Dietary supplements in Russia indicators twice
less after all the supplement is expensive
pleasure
middle class
it is this class that boldly experiences
imagine new substances
to get forms that ordinary
loader are given without any drugs
Sergey Morozov Anton Volsky Yuri
Vasilchenko
inter